The road rises from there.
He taught me how to swim.
You remind me of your father.
I ought to have written the letter yesterday.
Sally is two years senior to Ken.
Don't be shy about speaking in front of people.
You are not supposed to smoke here.
You are to blame for the accident.
I walked along the street.
I think Beethoven is as great a composer as ever lived.
She is not without money.
The sound of the violin is very sweet.
I made a good profit by selling my car.
Thursday Island is situated in the Torres Strait between Australia's northernmost Cape York and New Guinea.
Now she is gradually getting well.
The relationship between literature and philosophy.
He said truth.
What do you think of her poem?
The plague was about that year.
The war made the country poor.
My father caught me by the arm.
He regained consciousness in the hospital.
"Oh let's!" said the little black rabbit and with a hop, skip, and a jump, he sailed right over the little white rabbit's back.
Some are good at English, and others are good at mathematics.
The police are looking into his disappearance.
I'm calling because my credit card has been stolen.
I did the work against my will.
He will get his job back at the next election.
I plan to work the rest of the summer.
I used to go skiing in winter.
He behaves as if he were a famous statesman.
He is altogether a giant.
Our plan will work out well.
There is no telling how far science may have progressed by the end of the twentieth century.
They have enough capital to build a second factory.
You'd better hold your tongue.
But for my advice he would have been ruined.
John doesn't know what to do next.
Could you hold these bags until four this afternoon?
Do your best!
He is a very imaginative writer.
He's shown no appreciable change of attitude.
Mayuko could not answer my question.
She is always critical of reckless drivers.
Some birds are flying high in the sky.
There was quiet in the room.
No, I don't think so.
She was displeased at my letter.
The maid arranged the knives and forks on the table.
He's a teacher of physics, but can also teach math.
I paid 1,000 yen on account.
To my surprise, the child came here by himself all the way from Yokohama.
He turned pale with fear.
And the name of the person you're calling, please?
You... you never wanted to talk about it.
I found that restaurant by accident.
My general impression is that it is very good.
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast.
I made the best of my small room.
I will associate with him in business.
I don't have any money.
My dog is the bigger of the two.
Kazuko bared her breast and fed the baby.
He has the privileges of membership.
He stood aside for her to enter.
He shook me awake, shouting, "A fire!"
Is there bank far from here?
No dramatist can compare with Shakespeare.
Bring me a glass of water, please.
He exerted himself to solve the problem.
Why did he do that?
Japan has caught up with Europe and America in medicine.
I can not put up with his insults any longer.
To everyone's sorrow, the poet died young.
Mr Johnson insists on his theory.
Bring your sister next time.
How much will it cost by sea mail?
From this point of view, you are right.
I couldn't for the most part make out what he said.
The longer I listen to her, the less I like her.
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
I'm sorry to say, but the service isn't very good.
Soccer is the most popular in Brazil.
He's making a table in his workshop.
He enjoys reading novels on holiday.
He works as a newscaster in television.
It was not until I called that he came.
How do you like your boss's plan?
Nothing was to be seen but the blue sky.
Disease is a threat to human beings.
He is more clever than wise.
Go along with the crowd.
Her singing was very impressive as usual.
When I was a student, I used to go to that pizza parlor.
How long have you known Jack?
He contrived a new engine that does not use gas.
I expect him to pass the examination.
Everyone was listening very carefully.
Jim turned the key in the lock.
A sudden illness forced her to cancel her appointment.
